Add leader transfer logic (#63)
ahrtr/etcd-defrag: README.md

| `--defrag-rule`              | defragmentation rule (etcd-defrag will run defragmentation if the rule is empty or it is evaluated to true), defaults to empty. See more details below. |
| `--dry-run`                  | evaluate whether or not endpoints require defragmentation, but don't actually perform it, defaults to `false`. |
| `--exclude-localhost`        | whether to exclude localhost endpoints, defaults to `false`. |

> | `--move-leader`              | whether to move the leader to a randomly picked non-leader ID and make it the new leader, defaults to `false`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--move-leader`              | whether to move the leader to another follower before performing defragment on it to minimize potential performance impact, defaults to `false`. |
```

      --keepalive-time duration        keepalive time for client connections (default 2s)
      --keepalive-timeout duration     keepalive timeout for client connections (default 6s)
      --key string                     identify secure client using this TLS key file

>       --move-leader                    whether to move the leader to a randomly picked non-leader ID and make it the new leader

Reviewer: ditto, please update the description
